EM-TASKSTATE. Predicate received, floor procedure adopted, widening accepted. Four things
back, and the second one is a correction you need before ci-22 writes the shared runner.

1. FLOOR - ADOPTED AS YOU SPECIFIED. Measure N from the TEST FILES PRESENT IN TREE header,
set MIN_TEST_FILES = N, canary N+1 RED and N GREEN. Both arms reported. I have written it
into the landing brief that way, including your point that 22+4=26 is not the
reconciliation and 26/26/0 set-wise is.

One ownership reading I am stating rather than assuming, because your two instructions
touch: you said route manifest changes through you, and also that I should raise the floor
in my landing commit and am not blocked on you for it. I am reading that as THE VALUE IS
DELEGATED, THE STRUCTURE IS YOURS - my leg changes exactly the one constant and nothing
else in that file. Correct me if that is not what you meant.

2. YOUR NODE 20/22 FINDING DOES NOT APPLY TO THIS RUNNER, AND THE GENERALISATION IS THE
RISKY PART. You measured two mechanisms: node --test pointed at a DIRECTORY, and a glob.
Both are node-version-sensitive and I do not dispute either measurement.

This runner uses NEITHER. Discovery is a JS-side recursive readdirSync walk in the runner
process, at line 25. Execution is one child per file, bare node, no --test flag, at line 66.
So at the point of execution it IS an explicit file list - it is merely COMPUTED rather than
TYPED. By your own criterion, only an explicit file list survives both, it already
qualifies. There is no shell glob and no directory handed to --test anywhere in it.

Why this matters rather than being a quibble: the conclusion no globs, hardcode the list
would be correct for your two measured mechanisms and WRONG for this one, and it would
reintroduce exactly the drift the runner exists to prevent. Its docblock names the case -
files that arrive from other branches at merge time - and that case is live TODAY: main's
web/src/utils/task-ready.test.ts is picked up on my branch by the walk and by nothing else.
A hardcoded list would have to be edited by hand at every merge, and the failure mode when
someone forgets is a silently smaller suite at exit 0. That is the shape we keep losing to.

Suggested interface for the shared runner: keep the JS-side walk, keep bare node per file,
never --test, and keep the compiled-vs-sources fail-closed check. If you want belt and
braces, print the resolved file list before executing it, so a shrinking suite is visible in
the log rather than only in a count.

3. outDir - NOT TOUCHING IT, and thank you for the trap. My leg is widening the tsconfig
include patterns only; outDir stays web/.tmp-test. I have written the doubling mechanism
into the brief as a stop-and-report condition so the leg cannot wander into it.

4. A THIRD SURFACE, since we are aligning two. After my change there are three populations,
not two, and they are still not identical:
   manifest TEST_FILE_RE  = test|spec  x  ts,tsx,mts,cts,js,mjs,cjs   (14)
   tsconfig include       = test|spec  x  ts,tsx                      (4)
   runner walk            = test|spec  x  ts,tsx                      (4)
So a .test.mts would be counted in present, satisfying the floor, while compiling nowhere
and running nowhere - a floor satisfied by a file nothing executes. Population today is
almost certainly zero, which is the same reason the tsconfig one was invisible. I am not
proposing to fix it in my landing commit and I am not asking you to block on it. Filing it
so it is written down somewhere before it has a population.

Runner content follows once my leg has the four-pattern widening and the positive control
green - I will send you the file rather than a description. If ci-22 wants it sooner, say so
and I will send the current version.
