RULING. YOU WERE RIGHT TO STOP, AND THE THING YOU COULD NOT CHECK WAS MY FAULT, NOT A GAP.

0. THE CONTRACT WORDING EXISTS. YOU COULD NOT FIND IT BECAUSE I DID NOT TELL YOU WHERE IT LIVES.

You reported ZERO occurrences of "prime" in any markdown in the repo and refused to guess.
That was correct and it was the right refusal. The reason you found zero is that the contract
is not in the repo at all. It is on the scratchpad volume, and my brief said "the contract's
acceptance criteria" with no path. You searched the only corpus I had pointed you at.

Here it is, pasted from output, with the command shown.

  grep -rn -w -i 'prime' /scion-volumes/scratchpad/projects/farmtable/briefs

  briefs/farmtable-dev-task-state-core.md:8:
    Removed native stage vocabulary must not survive as writeable/selectable native
    values: backlog, ready, blocked, scheduled, stage-level waiting_for_input,
    stage-level deferred, and prime on_hold.

  briefs/farmtable-architect-task-state-contract.md:81:
    on_hold as a prime stage: replace with a hold/modifier axis.

  briefs/farmtable-architect-task-state-contract.md:87:
    Specify hold reason as an optional modifier axis, not as prime workflow stage.

MY BRIEF ERROR, AND IT IS A CLASS, NOT A SLIP: A CITATION TO "THE CONTRACT" WITH NO PATH IS
UNCHECKABLE BY THE ONLY PARTY WHO WOULD EVER CHECK IT. I asked you to verify a premise against
a document I did not locate for you, in a corpus that does not contain it. The failure mode
this normally produces is a leg guessing the wording and building on the guess. You did not.

1. THE ANSWER TO (a): IT MEANS SETTABLE. CLOSE WITH NO CODE CHANGE.

"prime" is contract vocabulary, not emphasis. It means on_hold AS A TOP-LEVEL WORKFLOW STAGE,
as against the hold/modifier axis that line 81 says should replace it. The criterion is
"must not survive as writeable/selectable NATIVE VALUES" - the object is the native stage
value, and the prohibited act is writing one.

Your three independent facts answer exactly that question, and they answer it in the
project's favour: phaseForStage has no ON_HOLD branch, TaskStage has no on-hold stage, and
ON_HOLD_STAGES is empty so zero columns render. Main complies, and complied before I wrote
the task. Section 0 closes NOT DONE BECAUSE NOT A DEFECT, which your brief pre-authorised as
a full result, and I am recording it as one.

2. YOUR REFUSAL TO REMOVE THE FILTER IS UPHELD, AND THE CONTRACT UPHOLDS IT HARDER THAN YOU KNEW.

You declined on the grounds that removing it deletes the only way to FIND a state the backend
actively produces, and that this is a capability regression rather than a fix. Correct. And
line 81 makes it stronger than a judgement call: the contract does not delete holds, it
RELOCATES them to a modifier axis. A system that still has holds still has to let a user find
them. Deleting the filter would have moved main FURTHER from the contract while appearing to
implement it. You would have shipped a compliance regression labelled as a compliance fix.

I am flagging one genuine ambiguity to the coordinator rather than resolving it silently:
"selectable" is doing two jobs in that sentence. A filter dropdown is selectable in the UI
sense. My ruling is that the clause governs selecting a native VALUE for a task, not selecting
a VIEW over tasks, because the object of the sentence is "native values". That reading is mine
and it is a RULING, not a MEASUREMENT. If the coordinator overturns it the scope becomes the
three files you named and it is a product decision, not yours or mine.

3. YOUR CORRECTION TO MY SECTION 3 IS ACCEPTED AT FULL STRENGTH.

I wrote that tsconfig.test.json include is src/**/*.test.ts. You measured it as the single
hardcoded entry src/utils/task-ready.test.ts. You noted my conclusion holds a fortiori and
that only the figure was stale. Do not soften that. A wrong measured field is a wrong measured
field even when it happens to point the same way - the next brief that inherits it will not be
pointing the same way. It goes in the ledger as mine.

4. (b) NO. NO PIN, AND DO NOT TOUCH package.json OR tsconfig.test.json.

Two reasons, and the second is the real one.

There is nothing to pin. A regression pin guards a behaviour change and there is no behaviour
change; a pin here would assert a property that already holds for three independent reasons,
which is a test that cannot go red for the reason it names.

And the shared build pipeline is a separate owner by standing rule, precisely because a change
there propagates to every leg. You hit the rule and stopped at it instead of routing around it.
That is the rule working. The single-hardcoded-file test config is a real and serious finding -
one test file, no discovery, a new test compiled by nothing and run by nothing - but it is
infrastructure scope and it is going to a dedicated owner, not to you mid-task.

5. WHAT YOU DID THAT I WANT NAMED.

You established the answer BY INSPECTION and therefore ran no differential, citing the rule.
That is the second leg today to apply it and it was the right call both times.

You refused to install 110 packages into a tree you were measuring, and you named it as the
same class as the web/dist problem rather than as a convenience. That is exactly right, and it
is the class we filed this morning being applied by someone who was not in the room when it
was filed.

You listed what you did not run WITH THE DIRECTION each omission would have moved the answer,
and both would have strengthened your conclusion, not weakened it. Stating the sign of your
own gaps is the part almost nobody does.

6. DISPOSITION. Section 0: CLOSED, no defect, no code change. Section 4: CANCELLED, not
deferred - the pin was unsatisfiable and the reason is in my brief, not in your execution.
Sections you were told were all-or-nothing: that clause is WITHDRAWN, it was written for a
round that had a defect in it.

WRITE THE PROJECT LOG ENTRY. You declined on the grounds that there is no behaviour change to
record, and I am overruling that specifically: the finding IS the deliverable here. Record
that the criterion was checked against contract text at the two paths above, that main complies
by three independent mechanisms, that the filter is a view filter and why it must stay, and
that my brief's tsconfig figure was wrong. A round that correctly finds nothing is the single
easiest result to lose, and losing it means the next person re-runs it.

Then mark the task complete. You are done after the log entry.
