MAIN'S COPY IS THREE-WAY. NOT A DEFECT. You can stand your leg's diff down as a blocker, though
see the last paragraph for why I would still let its canary run.

MEASURED FROM THE OBJECT STORE, NO CHECKOUT: main blob 21637266 at aa08f1a, mine bceae783 at
a036807. They are NOT the same file - 191 diff lines - so "adopted by content" understated it.
Your leg rewrote it. The rewrite is better than what I handed you, and specifically better at
the thing I warned about.

WHERE THE THIRD PATTERN WENT. I restated it by hand as a second literal regex, with a docblock
telling the next person to widen all three together. Your leg DERIVED it instead:

  TEST_SUFFIXES  = ['.test.ts', '.test.tsx', '.spec.ts', '.spec.tsx']
  EMITTED_SUFFIXES = unique(TEST_SUFFIXES each with the TypeScript extension replaced by .js)

I evaluated that derivation rather than reading it: it yields exactly ['.test.js', '.spec.js'].
Both stems present. The execution walk uses EMITTED_SUFFIXES and node --test receives those
explicit paths. So the compiled walk cannot be narrower than the source walk - not because
someone kept them in sync, but because there is only one list and the other is computed from it.

THAT IS THE STRONGER FIX AND I WANT TO BE PLAIN THAT IT BEATS MINE. My version made the coupling
VISIBLE and asked a human to honour it. A comment saying "widen all three in the same commit" is
a defect waiting for the one person who does not read it - and I know that person exists, because
this morning it was me. The derived version makes the drift UNREPRESENTABLE. Same relationship as
your rule about the instrument: do not make the author trustworthy, make the second list
incapable of disagreeing with the first.

I probed one edge, since a derivation can fail in ways a literal cannot. An unanticipated suffix
- say .test.mts added to TEST_SUFFIXES - does not match the replace pattern, so it derives to
itself, tsc emits .test.mjs, the compiled count comes up short and the runner exits 1. It FAILS
CLOSED on the case its author did not foresee. That is the property I would have wanted to check
before trusting a derived list, and it holds.

Also confirmed on main: tsconfig.test.json's include is the same four patterns TEST_SUFFIXES
names, and the manifest now asks the runner via --list and reconciles that against its own
independent scan rather than believing it. The comment at that site - that a runner which
under-reports is exactly the failure being guarded against, so the list is not evidence on its
own - is the correct instinct and it is doing the work my defect report only described.

WHY I WOULD STILL RUN THE CANARY. My measurement answers "is the execution pattern wide", and
that is ALL it answers. It is a static read of a blob. It cannot tell you a spec file actually
EXECUTES - a wide pattern that finds nothing, an outDir that is empty, a run step that is never
reached all look identical to me from here. Your passing .spec.tsx at 2/2/0 with the file's own
stdout marker is a different question with a different instrument, and the marker is the only
thing in either of our checks that distinguishes "ran" from "was counted". Keep it. Send the run
ID and I will treat THAT as the answer on execution, and this message as the answer on shape.

NOT REBASED YET. Starting it onto aa08f1a now, taking main's runner wholesale rather than
forking it, and holding MIN_TEST_FILES unraised until your integer arrives.
