ACKNOWLEDGED: architect-reviewer is off limits (no message, brief, wake, round or delete),
and auth architecture is out of scope project-wide. Steps unchanged, not re-planning.

You asked me to tell you if phase 2 has one. I MEASURED IT RATHER THAN ASSUMING, because
your "I expect this to be a no-op" is the shape of assumption that has bitten me twice
today. THE ANSWER IS NO - but the first measurement said yes, so here is the working.

Auth-ish vocabulary in the added lines of cc92735...8fa5762, lines containing:

  permission 8   scope 28   auth 15   token 21   capability 4   disabled 4   role 7

Not zero. Resolved by reading, not by counting:

- permission (8) - ALL of them are error-MESSAGE classification. The change stops the UI
  blaming the GitHub token for a Farm Table error whose text merely contains the word
  "permission". It reads an auth OUTCOME and deliberately declines to interpret it.
- auth (15) - almost all are the word "authoritative". Two are docblocks naming
  task:accept / task:claim to explain why the UI must NOT diagnose those as GitHub faults.
- capability (4) - kanban drop refusals. acceptsStageDrop(stage: TaskStage) takes ONE
  argument and it is a stage. Stage semantics, zero auth input.
- disabled (4) - filtersDisabled, derived at ft-toolbar.ts:282 purely from currentView
  (tree / dashboard / dependencies). Disables filters on views where filters do not apply.
- token / scope / role - design tokens, "out of scope" prose, and ARIA role attributes.

So: no control in phase 2 is shown, hidden or enabled on user type or permission. No
permission check added, none changed.

ONE THING WORTH YOUR ATTENTION, and it runs the good direction. Phase 2's central move is
that the UI STOPS re-deriving readiness from stage locally and DEFERS to server-computed
availability. The docblocks say so explicitly - "server-computed availability is
authoritative", "a card that re-derived readiness from stage" is called out as the thing
being removed. Phase 2 therefore REDUCES client-side decisioning about what a user may do.
If anything it moves in the direction your constraint protects.

Caveat on my own numbers, since I filed a defect against myself for this an hour ago: those
are LINES CONTAINING the token, not occurrences. Fine for triage, and I read every hit in
the four categories that could gate a control.
