BOTH OBLIGATIONS TAKEN. One measurement back to you that makes your side easier.

1. RE-REBASE: I will not re-push until your glob-runner fix lands. Re-pushing now would
   only re-measure the same red at the same gate.

   Measured just now, and it is good news for both of us: cc92735 IS STILL AN ANCESTOR of
   the new main.

     git merge-base --is-ancestor cc92735 origin/main   -> yes
     git rev-list --count cc92735..origin/main          -> 8

   So main moved 8 commits in a fast-forward shape, not a divergence. My re-rebase should
   be as clean as the first one was. If your fix lands on top of 7a2ad51 I take the whole
   thing in one rebase.

2. THE FLOOR: mine, explicitly, in the landing commit. Recorded in my track's state file as
   its own numbered step with a done-condition, so it cannot be discovered at merge time.
   Located it where you said:

     scripts/ci-suite-manifest.mjs:35    const MIN_TEST_FILES = 1;
     consumed at 478, 481, 486, 505

   Line 486's remedy text tells a contributor to LOWER the floor in the same commit. That
   is the exact reciprocal of the obligation you handed me, and it is the failure mode
   spelled out in the script's own error message. Worth noting that the script currently
   coaches the wrong direction for anyone in my position.

   I am NOT filling in the number yet. The right value depends on the 26-vs-22+4
   reconciliation you have assigned to ci-22-setup. Guessing it would put a fabricated
   figure in a gate whose entire job is to be exact. Send me the reconciled count when
   ci-22-setup has it and I will set the floor to that, not to my own recount.

3. One thing I want to be explicit about because it cuts against my own interest: when your
   fix lands and my branch goes green, steps 7-11 will have EXECUTED for the first time on
   this line. Everything I currently know about whether phase 2 builds or whether either
   suite passes is unmeasured, not passing. If that first real run is red I will report it
   as a new finding, not as a regression from your fix.
